I guess great from East Coast eyes and
I've got three nike Lakotas to show you
I should all know these are pretty much
my favorite head of string so people
seem to be sending me a lot and scene we
want a lot of replicas of the head that
I use even though there's a stranger out
there I guess some people don't feel
comfortable doing it and one send to me
that's fine so I've got a bold one right
here first I wanted an exact up will
combine so the black triangle top string
the black nylon the two neon yellow you
shoes with white East Coast mesh black
side walls bike bomb string the only
thing they wanted different is they
wanted more of a mid pocket than a high
pocket like mine is so I got a mid
pocket with a nice channel same shooter
stuff and everything and actually kind
of like it not it probably wouldn't have
enough wit from you switch to it but i
promised i'll use it seems really nice i
like the mid pocket and you know it
shouldn't shift too much it's just shift
a little higher to the bowl citroen that
shooting string to shoot but that's
about it they wanted very little whip so
I barreled that black shooter I think
barrel shooters always look really cool
and I kind of like them I like my sticks
to really hit off that shooters who I
use beat on my ads but barreled provides
a little less catching or less whip so
ever I'll really like and of course i
love the bolt as you guys already know
next one is another lakota that the
customer wants strong as an exact
replica mine with orange triangle top
string and orange side walls white
shooting shrinks they got the weave
nylon just like mine is with a three but
the to use a five minute three diamond
you and they got just like mine a nice
mid high pocket right in the middle with
a really nice tight channel should whip
a little bit but certainly still
manageable so really like this head this
is something i could easily pick up and
play with for sure i could probably pick
the other one play with it too but this
one probably has just no
for me once it breaks it all the way out
a really really nice a big fan of it and
finally another one that I really like
is a all white Lakota with all white
strings this thing is just super clean
to look at looks really really nice with
the all white you know yeah really like
the old weight they wanted to nylons and
to use so white triangle top string
white shooting strings white sidewall
white everything and so for the nylons
there barreled because to weave nylons
hits really hard usually don't want to
use to weave nylons right on top of each
other like that so to better works a lot
better and these are in the 9th I Monroe
and the ten-dollar row so this is
actually bumped down a bit bunk down one
row from what I usually do send I number
10 down rather than a sixth Avenue and a
four diamond you and this should make
even though the mid pocket it is a mid
pocket should make their release a
little earlier and a whole should be
pretty smooth the bulb illus it right
into that for down menu and should work
out really nice warm so Lakotas together
I think I still have a couple more
string got a volt 12 so love string a
nice so anyway guys thanks for watching
subscribe you want more string turtles
and videos and like some Facebook